tikv-configuration-file: add config for compaction guard (#4420)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `target-file-size-base`

> + The size of the target file at base level. This value is overrided by `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size` when `enable-compaction-guard = true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The size of the target file at base level. This value is overridden by `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size` when the `enable-compaction-guard` value is `true`.
```

+ Default value: `"256GB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

### `enable-compaction-guard`

> + Enable compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV region boundaries. The optimization can help reduce compaction IO, and allow us to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure we can still efficiently cleanup stale data on region migration.

Author: * "compaction guard" is the proper noun of the optimization. maybe not to use "the"?
* "region" is a concept in TiKV, something like a "slice" or "shard". maybe not to capitalize?
* usage of "you" sound weird. let's use "TiKV" instead for each of its occurrence?

> + Enable compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV region boundaries. The optimization can help reduce compaction IO, and allow us to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure we can still efficiently cleanup stale data on region migration.

Author: need to apply the same change below.

> + Enable compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV region boundaries. The optimization can help reduce compaction IO, and allow us to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure we can still efficiently cleanup stale data on region migration.

Reviewer: + The standard spelling for the concept of "Region" in TiKV is "Region", with the first letter capitalized. See the classical blog post [TiDB Internal (III) - Scheduling](https://en.pingcap.com/blog/2017-07-20-tidbinternal3) or other TiKV docs for details.
+ In technical documentation, we should try to avoid the first person (I/We) and use "you" instead (when applicable).  See [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/person). In this case, if "us" refers to TiKV, let's use TiKV.

> + Enables or disables the compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV Region boundaries. This optimization can help reduce compaction I/O and allows TiKV to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure that TiKV can still efficiently clean up stale data when migrating Regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Enables or disables the compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV Region boundaries. This optimization can help reduce compaction I/O so that TiKV can use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) and at the time efficiently clean up stale data when migrating Regions.
```

Author: "use larger SST file size" is not the consequence of "reduce compaction I/O"

> + Enables or disables the compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV Region boundaries. This optimization can help reduce compaction I/O and allows TiKV to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure that TiKV can still efficiently clean up stale data when migrating Regions.

Author: ```suggestion
+ Enables or disables the compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV Region boundaries. This optimization can help reduce compaction I/O and allows TiKV to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) and at the time efficiently clean up stale data when migrating Regions.
```

+ Default value: `true`

> ### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`
```

> + The lower bound of SST file size when compaction guard is enabled. The config prevent SST files being too small when compaction guard is enabled.

Author: shall remove "the" before "compaction guard"

> + The minimum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This config prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The minimum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.
```

+ Default value: `"8MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

> ### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size`
```

> + The upper bound of SST file size when compaction guard is enabled. The config prevent SST files being too large when compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same CF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The config prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
```

> + The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The config prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
```

> + The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
```

+ Default value: `"128MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

> 

Reviewer: Line 999 to Line 1014 LGTM
Please apply the same changes to Line 1114 - Line 1129.

Author: done

+ Determines whether to put the entire key to bloom filter
+ Default value: `false`

### `enable-compaction-guard`

+ Enable compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV region boundaries. The optimization can help reduce compaction IO, and allow us to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure we can still efficiently cleanup stale data on region migration.
+ Default value: `true`

> ### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`
```

> + The lower bound of SST file size when compaction guard is enabled. The config prevent SST files being too small when compaction guard is enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The minimum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.
```

+ Default value: `"8MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

> ### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size`
```

> + The upper bound of SST file size when compaction guard is enabled. The config prevent SST files being too large when compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same CF.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The maximum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
```

> + The maximum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This config overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.

Author: ```suggestion
+ The maximum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
```

> ### `enable-compaction-guard`
> 
> + Enable compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV region boundaries. The optimization can help reduce compaction IO, and allow us to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) while making sure we can still efficiently cleanup stale data on region migration.
> + Default value: `true`
> 
> ### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`
> 
> + The minimum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.
> + Default value: `"8MB"`
> + Unit: KB|MB|GB
> 
> ### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size`
> 
> + The maximum of SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
> + Default value: `"128MB"`
> + Unit: KB|MB|GB

Author: ```suggestion
### `enable-compaction-guard`

+ Enables or disables the compaction guard, which is an optimization to split SST files at TiKV Region boundaries. This optimization can help reduce compaction I/O and allows TiKV to use larger SST file size (thus less SST files overall) and at the time efficiently clean up stale data when migrating Regions.
+ Default value: `true`

### `compaction-guard-min-output-file-size`

+ The minimum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration prevents SST files from being too small when the compaction guard is enabled.
+ Default value: `"8MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

### `compaction-guard-max-output-file-size`

+ The maximum SST file size when the compaction guard is enabled. The configuration prevents SST files from being too large when the compaction guard is enabled. This configuration overrides `target-file-size-base` for the same column family.
+ Default value: `"128MB"`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB
```
